In this march.
We learned a lot about Pipes what they are how to use them how to parameterised them how to change and
how to create our own pipes and how to maybe create a impure by forcing update on each day that change.
Now there is one built in pipe I want to have a closer look at which does something different than all
the other pipes.
It helps us with handling asynchronous data and to demonstrate how this works.
Let's say we have a number property right here at the top which says App State as well which holds our
apps status which could also be off line critical or whatever.
But here this will not be a string like off line.
Instead this should get loaded off for let's say two seconds and two simulators I will set this equal
to a promise and you can imagine the state being returned from HTP call from a server or something like
this.
So in this promise I will initialized this promise with a call callback method passed to the constructor
where this method itself takes two arguments resolve and rejected two functions we can execute inside
of this promise to resolve or reject the promise and then the promise in this callback function.
I will done set up time out.
Let's say it triggers after 2 seconds so after 2000 milliseconds and then does mapped to your will get
execute this method I passed to the said time method.
Now here in this function I want to simply set my status.
So I want to solve to let's say stable whatever the sales should be.
So what this will do is it will set a status to stable but only after 2 seconds.
So if we try to output this app state this year let's add a line break on a number line break to Eble
blank line in between and then a heading whereas say app stators and then I try to output abstain as
string interpellation if we do this you'll see Object object.
And this is correct because it is object.
It's a promise and a promise is Object.
But after two seconds we know that this is no longer an object.
It now is a string but angler doesn't know because it doesn't watch our object.
It doesn't.
See if this object actually transforms to something else.
Or if this Praetorians as a value it just knows it's a promise.
I'm done and it's good that it behaves like this saves us performance.
We should be explicit about our app behaves but thankfully there is a nice little pipe we can use here
to make the transformation of the data easier.
We know that it will be a string of two seconds.
We want to output the string or it will resolve a string after two seconds I should say.
And we want to output the string so we can add the pipe symbol and then async.
This is a built in pipe and by adding it well watch for yourself.
You see I will reload.
Yep there's nothing there at the beginning but after two seconds you see stable and this is what async
does.
It recognizes that this is a promise and as a side note it would also work with observables.
There it would subscribe automatically and after two seconds it would simply recognize that something
changed that the promise resolved or in the case of an observable that data was sent from the subscription.
And it will present this data to the screen.
And this is the pipe of which I want to conclude this section about pipes.
Now you should feel really comfortable about using them bulling your own pipes and as you see here working
with azing data with pipes now we will see those azing pipes being used in the HTP section later.
But for now let's move on to some exercises regarding pipes